before I answer that, I would like to ask you a question. Um, if we're
going to war time and say certain casualties happened on the ship,
would that be something that you would like or something that you wouldn't
be a good fit for? The idea behind being placed on an assignment,
that you don't like it and that you may not be a good fit just
to see how you adapt to situations where you're not comfortable. So,
uh, the entire community, the small community, is about being uncomfortable.
You're going to just about every bill, it not knowing what
you're doing or how to do it sometimes. So I would say go into this
assignment. This billet with a positive attitude and a can do attitude
and being able to use your resource is wise and so think positive,
get to know the people understand the situation and solve problems.
That's what you're there to do. So the idea is to learn something,
find more tools and develop more twos to put in your toolbox so that
you could one day be a leader or a great leader in this world's greatest
navy